Modify documentation (#399)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/doc-style/docstrings.rst

  """Initialize the ``Desktop`` class with the version of AEDT to use."""

.. note::

>    The PyAnsys style uses two back ticks to surround the names of classes, methods, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The PyAnsys style uses two backticks to surround the names of classes, methods, and
```

>    variables, not the single back tick that is recommended by `numpydoc`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   variables, not the single backtick that is recommended by `numpydoc`_
```
